“Happiness is attained by three things: being patient when tested, being thankful when receiving a blessing, and being repentant upon sinning.”::"Ibn Qayyim Al-Jawziyya"
“When Allah tests you it is never to destroy you. When He removes something in your possession it is only in order to empty your hands for an even greater gift.”::"Ibn Qayyim Al-Jawziyya"
“Sitting with the poor and less fortunate people removes the ego and pride from your heart."::"Ibn Qayyim Al-Jawziyya"
“A slave stands infront of Allah on two occasions. The first during salah, and secondly on the Day of Judgment. Whoseover stands correctly in the first, the second standing will be made easier for him. And whosoever, disregards the first standing, the second standing will be extremely difficult.”::"Ibn Qayyim Al-Jawziyya"
“Love of Allah is the power of the heart, the sustenance of the heart, the light of the heart."::"Ibn Qayyim Al-Jawziyya"
“This wordly life is like a shadow. If you try to catch it, you will never be able to do so. If you turn your back towards it, it has no choice but to follow you.”::"Ibn Qayyim Al-Jawziyya"
“A person’s tongue can give you the taste of his heart.”::"Ibn Qayyim Al-Jawziyya"
“As long as you are performing prayer, you are knocking at the door of Allah, and whoever is knocking at the door of Allah, Allah will open it for him.”::"Ibn Qayyim Al-Jawziyya"
"If you wish to check how much you love Allah, then see how much your heart loves the Quran, and you will know the answer."::"Ibn Qayyim Al-Jawziyya"
“The more spiritually alive your heart is, the more pain it will feel."::"Ibn Qayyim Al-Jawziyya"

"Dhikr (remembrance of Allah) is to the heart as water is to a fish; see what happens to a fish when it is taken out of water"::"Ibn Taymiyyah"
"If you do good in secret, Allah will shower His good on you in public."::"Ibn Taymiyyah"
"When someone offends me, I think it’s a gift from Allah (god). He (Allah) is teaching me humility."::"Ibn Taymiyyah"
"A believer to another believer is like two hands, one washes the other (correcting each other)."::"Ibn Taymiyyah"
"The more humble, needy, and subdued you are before Allah, the closer you will be to Him."::"Ibn Taymiyyah"
"In this world there is a paradise, whoever does not enter it will not enter the Paradise of the Hereafter."::"Ibn Taymiyyah"
"What really counts are good endings, not flawed beginnings.”::"Ibn Taymiyyah"
"Everyone experiences bouts of jealousy; but the dignified person conceals it, while the vulgar one acts upon it”::"Ibn Taymiyyah"
“Make tawba not just for sins you've committed, but also for obligations you haven't fulfilled.”::"Ibn Taymiyyah"
“The more humble, needy, and subdued you are before Allah, the closer you will be to Him.”::"Ibn Taymiyyah"
“Don’t depend too much on anyone in this world because even your own shadow leaves you when you are in darkness.”::"Ibn Taymiyyah"

"The sign of a beautiful person is that they always see beauty in others.”::"Omar Suleiman"
"Prayer is not the only time of day that you should be talking to God."::"Omar Suleiman"
"Wake up knowing that God is greater than any obstacle you may face today."::"Omar Suleiman"
"If you complain that God is testing you too much, you’re failing the test.":: "Omar Suleiman"
"Sometimes God allows you to taste the bitterness of this world so that you could fully appreciate the sweetness of faith."::"Omar Suleiman"
"Sometimes it's good to thank Allah for just teaching you how to thank him"::"Omar Suleiman"
"When Allah loves you, He places the love of you in the hearts of the people whose love is worth having.”::"Omar Suleiman"
“Never forget the favors done for you. Always forget the favors you’ve done for others.”::"Omar Suleiman"
“If you're not doing it for Allah, then don't expect any help from Allah.”::"Omar Suleiman"
“In order to bring out the best in people, you need to give them your best.”::"Omar Suleiman"
“Love the people you think you'd want to be with in the hereafter.”::"Omar Suleiman"

"Perhaps, a sin that humbles you is better than a good deed that makes you arrogant."::"Hamza Yusuf"
"Allah knows exactly what to give you to help you return to Him. The events in your life are purposeful, appropriate & non-random."::"Hamza Yusuf"
"Intelligent people surround themselves with people who challenge them, not yes people."::"Hamza Yusuf"
"You will find yourself in the Quran, I guarantee you."::"Hamza Yusuf"
"Everyone’s a believer when things are going fine. The real faith is when one becomes patient with tribulations."::"Hamza Yusuf"
"Call on your Lord when your heart is brittle, that is a time when it's in pieces and the Light of Allah can fill the gaps. That is why Allāh is with the broken hearted."::"Hamza Yusuf"
"Practice makes permanent, not perfect. If you practice the wrong thing, you make the wrong act permanent."::"Hamza Yusuf"
"The weak are dominated by their ego, the wise dominate their ego, and the intelligent are in a constant struggle against their ego."::"Hamza Yusuf"
"Religion is here to unite us. It's not here to divide us. If it's dividing us, it's not God's religion, it's something else.”::"Hamza Yusuf"

"To get what you love, you must first be patient with what you hate."::"Al-Ghazali"
"Desires make slaves out of kings and patience makes kings out of slaves."::"Al-Ghazali"
"You must convince your heart that whatever Allah has decreed is most appropriate and most beneficial for you."::"Al-Ghazali"
"Each of your breaths is a priceless jewel, since each of them is irreplaceable and once gone, can never be retrieved."::"Al-Ghazali"
"The hypocrite looks for faults; the believer looks for excuses."::"Al-Ghazali"
"If your busy with yourself now, you will be busy with yourself then. If you are busy with Allah now, you will be with Him then."::"Al-Ghazali"
"Offen love between two people intensifies not because of beauty or some advantage, but because of sheer spiritual affinity."::"Al-Ghazali"
"Dear friend, your heart is a polished mirror. You must wipe it dean of the veil of dust that has gathered upon it, because it is destined to reflect the light of divine secrets."::"Al-Ghazali"
"To completely trust in Allah is to be like a child who knows deeply that even if he does not call for the mother, the mother is totally aware of his condition and is looking after him."::"Al-Ghazali"
"The way to paradise is an uphill climb whereas hell is downhill. Hence, there is a struggle to get to paradise and not to hell."::"Al-Ghazali"

"When you’re going through something hard and you start wondering where Allah is, just remember, the Teacher is always quiet during a test."::"Nouman Ali Khan"
"Sabr is not remaining quiet and allowing anger to build up inside you. Sabr is to talk about what's bothering you without losing control of your emotions."::"Nouman Ali Khan"
"The Heart is like a fuel tank, that you always have to keep filling up with Imaan"::"Nouman Ali Khan"
"Your sin is not greater than Allah’s mercy."::"Nouman Ali Khan"
"Spirituality is impacted not only by remembrance but by diet, stress, sleeping and eating habits among other things. Take care of yourself."::"Nouman Ali Khan"
"You can't just pretend that the things you watch, and the things you hear, and the places you go will not have an impact on your character. They will."::"Nouman Ali Khan"
"The real Da'wah to Islam is the character of a Muslim."::"Nouman Ali Khan"
"You and I are not Muslim, because we are born in a Muslim family. You and I are not Muslim, because you read a book about Islam, or saw a Youtube video and decided to become Muslim. We are Muslim, because Allah chose us. Allah chose us."::"Nouman Ali Khan"
"The first thing that Shaytan (Satan) will try to do is get you to stop praying. You know why? Because he has to kill the guard if he wants to penetrate the castle."::"Nouman Ali Khan"
"Our religion doesn't demand perfection but instead a manageable strive to better ourselves."::"Nouman Ali Khan"

"Be grateful for every single person who was part of your story.The ones that hurt you. The ones that helped you. Because they all taught you."::"Yasmin Mogahed"
"This life will never be without storms. Stop fearing the storm. Build your inner shelter."::"Yasmin Mogahed"
"Holding on to hope when everything is dark, is the greatest test of faith."::"Yasmin Mogahed"
"Stop hating on yourself for not being perfect. If God wanted perfection, He would have made you an angel."::"Yasmin Mogahed"
"Allah manages everything in the heavens and earth—the sun, the moon, the stars—with perfection, and yet we don’t trust Him to manage our lives!"::"Yasmin Mogahed"
"Just as storms change the landscape of the earth, our hardships change the landscape of the heart."::"Yasmin Mogahed"
"Worry is a direct consequence of relying on your own efforts."::"Yasmin Mogahed"
"Salah is the first thing we will be asked about on the Day of Judgment, and yet it is the last thing that is on our mind."::"Yasmin Mogahed"
"Tawbah is the cleaning of the heart, dhikr is the feeding of the heart."::"Yasmin Mogahed"
"If you want to focus more on Allah in your prayers, focus more on Him outside your prayers."::"Yasmin Mogahed"

"Knowledge is not what is memorised. Knowledge is what benefits."::"Al-Shafi‘i"
"How strange! You seek guidance, yet you do not tread its path, surely a boat does not sail on land."::"Al-Shafi‘i"
"To be able to thank Allah for a blessing is a blessing within itself."::"Al-Shafi‘i"
"My sin burdened me heavily. But when I measured it against Your Grace, O Lord, Your forgiveness came out greater."::"Al-Shafi‘i"
"Be hard on yourself, easy on others."::"Al-Shafi‘i"
"My heart is at ease knowing that what was meant for me will never miss me, and that what misses me was never meant for me."::"Al-Shafi‘i"
"You say that you are just a body, but inside of you is something greater than the Universe."::"Al-Shafi‘i"
"Wealth remains behind on earth while ibadaah accompanies you into the grave."::"Al-Shafi‘i"

With the Heart in Mind Quotes



Secrets of Divine Love Quotes


"Reciting the Quran heals the diseases of the heart just like honey heals the diseases of the body."::"Ibn al-Jawzi"
"Take heed from the lessons of those before you, before you become a lesson for those after you."::"Ibn al-Jawzi"
"Sins to a heart are like oil drops on a cloth, unless you wash it immediately and vigorously, it will permanently stain."::"Ibn al-Jawzi"
"This world is a bridge and a bridge should not be taken as a home."::"Ibn al-Jawzi"
"Whoever loves that his deeds do not cease after his death, should then spread knowledge."::"Ibn al-Jawzi"
"Praying two rak’at with contemplation is better than praying all night while the heart is heedless"::"Ibn al-Jawzi"
"If you find darkness in your heart after sin, know that there is light in your heart. Because of it you felt the darkness."::"Ibn al-Jawzi"







